{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green45\blue53;\red15\green120\blue219;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17647\c23137\c27059;\cssrgb\c0\c55686\c88627;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Readings:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://itunes.apple.com/us/book/swift-programming-language/id881256329?mt=11"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 The Swift Programming Language (Swift 3.0.1)}}\
\
You will want to download that to iBooks and eventually read the entire thing. For purposes of this assignment, please read The Swift Tour (the first chapter) very carefully. \'a0You should know that chapter like the back of your hand. \'a0\
Additionally, please go through all of the examples in the learn-swift project from the E65g_materials work area. \'a0NB, giving proper credit, those examples are taken from\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nettlep/learn-swift"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 https://github.com/nettlep/learn-swift}}\
I highly recommend exploring any portions of the Swift book which don't seem clear in the noted\'a0playgrounds. \'a0These implement all \'a0of the examples from the book so that you don't have to type them in yourself.\
If you are interested in the future of Swift you may want to observe the actual development process at:\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/apple/swift/tree/master/docs"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 https://github.com/apple/swift/tree/master/docs}}\
It may also be interesting to listen to the following podcast on the history of Swift discussing several of the reasons that led it to be the way it is:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://atp.fm/205"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Accidental Tech Podcast 205}}\'a0({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://atp.fm/205-chris-lattner-interview-transcript"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 transcript here}})\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Assignment 2\'a0
\b0 \
In the E65g_student repository under Assignment 2 (you'll need to pull my copy) there is a file called Assignment2.playground. \'a0All of the instructions for this assignment are in that file. \'a0Please answer all questions and push your changed file to your repository.\
Each question is worth 5 points. \'a0The first question is answered for you, the last 2 are bonus.\
\
\
\'a0\
\'a0}